# TTS Scripts 2.0

## Introduction

This repository is the official version 2.0 of the original [Tabletop Simulator Scripts](https://github.com/Zavian/Tabletop-Simulator-Scripts). This new version is a significant overhaul, sharing some of the original code but re-architected with a focus on modern development practices.

The primary goal of this project is to modularize the codebase, create a robust event-driven system, and improve the overall maintainability and readability of the scripts.

## Getting Started

To use these scripts, you will need to have a basic understanding of Lua scripting in Tabletop Simulator. If you are new to scripting, you can check out the [official Tabletop Simulator scripting documentation](https://api.tabletopsimulator.com/), as well as the many community-run tutorials and guides both in the official forums as well as the [Tabletop Simulator official discord](https://discord.com/invite/tabletopsimulator).


## Compatibility

These scripts are specifically designed to work within a workspace generated by [tts-tools](https://github.com/Sebaestschjin/tts-tools). For the scripts to function correctly, it is essential to use this setup. In the not so distant future there will be a bundled version of the scripts for importing it into a table and/or updating current versions.

## Features

*   **Modular Design**: Code is broken down into smaller, reusable modules, making it easier to manage and understand.
*   **Event-Driven Architecture**: Scripts are built around an event system for greater flexibility and decoupling of components.
*   **Improved Readability**: A strong emphasis has been placed on writing clean, maintainable code.
*   **Modern Approach**: Utilizes more current programming patterns and practices for a more stable and extensible foundation.

## Who am I?

I'm a developer that has taken under his responsibility to recreate a series of tools to ease DnD (soon Daggerheart) into Tabletop Simulator. Don't think of me of anything as I am far from expert on the tool, however the scrips present in this page can be used in all sorts of manners, just be aware that there is close to no documentation, you can still concact me if you need to understand anything from the project.

## What is the purpose of all these scripts?

The things that I'm trying to achieve via these scripts is to reach a decent level of both automation and management of a RPG table, mostly for combat related activities. Many tools are inspired by other external programs such as Roll20, Foundry, FantasyGrounds, etc. The end goal is to have a table that is both stable (still working on it) and easy to understand with all the features you may be in need for managing a DnD game.

## Contact

If you have any questions or feedback, you can contact the author of this project on Discord at ``Zavian``.

## Credits where credits are due

It goes without saying that a lot of the things that can be found here are things that are gathered from the community, both from the official tabletop simulator discord (in which plenty of people have helped me) and other github repositories that I have found throught the years. Additionally a lot of the work could've not been done if it wasn't for the various top developers that can be found in the workshop. Among these there is:
* [Mr. Stump](https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrStump/myworkshopfiles/?appid=286160)
* [St0m 🐱](https://steamcommunity.com/id/st0m/myworkshopfiles/?appid=286160)
* [CHRY](https://steamcommunity.com/id/chries/myworkshopfiles/?appid=286160)
* [Kijan](https://steamcommunity.com/id/kijands/myworkshopfiles/?appid=286160)

And countless more. If it wasn't for these wonderful people I would've probably not started making anything as daunting as this projects. 💖
If you feel unrepresented please do go ahead and contact me.
